see here one has just hit the clothespin
this is what it looks like when they hit
a clothespin Rick he's now snapped it
off he's hooked up
after he pulls the clothespin rig off
the clothes pin will slide freely on the
hook set it's very important to hit the
fish five or six times hard watch as I
set the hook on this fish after you hit
him five or six times you want
immediately loosen up your drag and let
him run remember leave them out there
let him fight way out longer they stay
out there and get tired the better off
you'll be when you bring them in you
can't land a green fish from a bridge or
a pier he has guitar so once he gets out
there leave him a litter until he's
exhausted hey buddy you'll have to move
up and down real keeping the fish
directly in front of him as he goes down
you go down never let him get any couple
of pilots ahead of you because he does
when he comes in close you'll just cut
in and cut you off on the pilot by
watching the fish's head control as
turns from a bridge or a period of eight
at twenty foot above you can see the
fish's head clearly and you can see how
to turn the fish and steering the
direction you want him at once he's
straight down control been around this
can be a sec you got wait god that's
control
yeah nice holdings right now miraj
Erasmus but that's the Derby button go
ahead get a rear out what do you say
this polygon your place they'll have
them use the way